标题: 中国平潭环竹屿湾区域城市设计国际方案征集资格预审公告 International Scheme Solicitation for Urban Design of Pingtan Zhuyu Bay Area Prequalification Announcement
发布时间: 2025-04-27 16:08
文号: 
发布机构: 平潭综合实验区自然资源与生态环境局
栏目: 公示公告
原文链接: https://www.pingtan.gov.cn/zwgk/gsgg/202504/t20250427_98647.htm
本地目录: zwgk/gsgg/202504/98647_中国平潭环竹屿湾区域城市设计国际方案征集资格预审公告 Intern
页面链接与图片详见 links.tsv(同目录)
==================== 正文 ====================
在平潭综合实验区自然资源与生态环境局（以下简称“指导单位”）的指导下，平潭综合实验区文旅发展集团有限公司（以下简称“征集人”）委托上海国际招标有限公司（以下简称“征集代理”）作为征集代理，就中国平潭环竹屿湾区域城市设计组织开展国际方案征集工作，欢迎有兴趣参与应征的申请人参加本次征集活动。本次征集将通过公开资格预审的方式从所有申请人中择优选取5名应征人参加后续应征活动。Guide by Pingtan Comprehensive Pilot Zone Natural Resources and Ecological Environment Bureau (hereinafter referred to as the "Guiding Unit") and entrusted by Pingtan Comprehensive Pilot Zone Culture and Tourism Development Group Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the "Solicitor"), Shanghai International Tendering Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “SITC”) as the Solicitation Agency is organizing the International Scheme Solicitation for Urban Design of Pingtan Zhuyu Bay Area (hereinafter referred to as the “Project”). All Applicants who are interested in this Project are welcome to participate. Through open prequalification, 5 applicants (“Shortlisted Applicants”) will be selected to enter the following Solicitation Phase.1 征集背景 Project Background平潭位于中国福建东部沿海，是祖国大陆距台湾本岛最近的地方，在探索两岸融合发展新路、推进高水平对外开放中具有独特优势。自设立平潭综合实验区以来，平潭蹄疾步稳深化开放开发，经济社会发展连上新台阶，开发建设取得成效，具备了在更高起点推动“一岛两窗三区”高质量发展的良好基础。Pingtan, located along the eastern coast of Fujian Province, China, is the closest point on the mainland to the island of Taiwan. It holds a unique advantage in exploring new paths for cross-strait integrated development and promoting high-level openness to the world. Since the establishment of Pingtan Comprehensive Pilot Zone, Pingtan has steadily deepened its openness and development, achieving continuous progress in economic and social development. The region has laid a solid foundation for advancing high-quality development of the "One Island, Two Windows, Three Zones" initiative from a higher starting point.环竹屿湾区域地处平潭中部核心地区，西临海坛海峡，生态资源优越，区位优势显著，是不可多得的内湾地区，现已谋划了游艇码头、影视基地等重点项目。随着平潭总体发展规划、建设两岸融合发展示范区等国家战略举措陆续实施，平潭已开展了新一轮国土空间总体规划编制工作，并提出将该区域打造为平潭城市发展的中心地区、引领“一岛两窗三区”建设的核心载体，通过湖湾联动，进一步集聚核心、提升功能、联动内外、衔接陆海，塑造环湾向海的世界级湾区，彰显平潭海岛型城市特点。The Zhuyu Bay Area, situated in the core central region of Pingtan, borders the Haitan Strait to the west. With superior ecological resources and significant geographical advantages, it is a rare inland bay area. Key projects such as yacht marina base and film base have already been planned. As national strategic initiatives like Pingtan's overall development plan and the construction of a cross-strait integrated development demonstration zone are implemented, Pingtan has initiated a new round of territorial spatial planning. The goal is to establish this area as the central hub of Pingtan's urban development, a core platform for leading the construction of the "One Island, Two Windows, Three Zones" initiative. Through the integration of the bay and lake, the aim is to further concentrate core functions, enhance capabilities, connect internal and external areas, and link land and sea, shaping a world-class bay area that highlights Pingtan's island-city characteristics.本次中国平潭环竹屿湾区域城市设计国际方案征集工作，旨在高起点征集兼具国际视野与地方特色的城市设计理念和设计方案，高站位谋划环竹屿湾区域功能定位，高标准设计环竹屿湾区域城市空间，融入平潭综合实验区国土空间规划修编工作，指导环竹屿湾区域开发建设。This Project aims to solicit urban design concepts and plans that combine international vision with local characteristics from a high starting point. It seeks to strategically plan the functional positioning of the Zhuyu Bay area and design its urban space to high standards at an advanced level. The initiative will integrate with the revision of Pingtan's territorial spatial planning and guide the development and construction of the bay area.2 征集范围和内容 Project Scope中国平潭环竹屿湾区域占地面积约25平方公里，本次征集范围主要由以下两部分构成：The Zhuyu Bay Area covers approximately 25 square kilometers. This Project is divided into the following two scopes:2.1 重点设计范围 Urban Design Scope环竹屿湾和竹屿湖周边地区，落实“一岛两窗三区”核心功能的重要载体，面积约15平方公里。要以陆海统筹、湾湖一体为原则开展总体城市设计，打造竹屿湾国际游艇基地，拓展湾区服务功能。The area around Zhuyu Bay and Zhuyu Lake, spanning about 15 square kilometers, serves as a key platform for realizing the core functions of the "One Island, Two Windows, Three Zones" initiative. The overall urban design should follow the principles of land-sea coordination and bay-lake integration, aiming to develop the Zhuyu Bay International Yacht Base and expand the service functions of the bay area.2.2 协调研究范围 Coordination Research Scope重点设计范围外围地带，面积约10平方公里。要立足平潭资源本底优势，统筹资源环境的保护与开发利用，协调重点设计范围和外围地区发展和空间布局，形成山水林田湖海与城市相融的多维景观，彰显环湾面海的海岛城市新形象。The peripheral area of the urban design scope, covering about 10 square kilometers, should leverage Pingtan's inherent resource advantages. It should balance the protection and utilization of resources and the environment, coordinate the development and spatial layout of the urban design area and its surroundings, and create a multidimensional landscape where mountains, waters, forests, fields, lakes, and the sea blend with the city, showcasing a new image of an island city. 图1：征集范围示意图 Fig 1: Project Scope Diagram各范围的设计要求和成果要求详见资格预审文件第三章《设计任务书》。The detailed design tasks and deliverable requirements for each phase are outlined in Prequalification Document Chapter 3 Design Program.3 合格申请人资格条件 Requirements of Eligible Applicants3.1 申请人须具有独立承担民事责任的能力，不接受自然人参与应征。An Applicant must have the ability to bear civil liability independently, and the participation of natural person is not accepted.3.2 申请人须具有承担本次征集内容相应的资格及能力：An Applicant must have the corresponding qualifications and abilities to undertake the content of this Project:3.2.1 承担功能策划工作的境内外申请人须在其所在国家或地区合法注册，具有相应的业务范围。The overseas or domestic Applicants undertaking functional planning work, must be legally registered in the country or region where it is located and be equipped with corresponding scope of services.3.2.2 承担规划和/或城市设计工作的申请人，如为境内机构（除港、澳、台机构）的，须具备中华人民共和国自然资源部颁发的城乡规划编制单位甲级资质。境外机构在境内（除港、澳、台地区）已注册子公司，并以子公司名义参与应征的，按本条规定执行。If the Applicants undertaking planning and/or urban design work is a domestic institution（excluding Applicants from Hong Kong, Macao or Taiwan）, it must have the qualification certificate of the qualification certificate of Grade A of Urban and Rural Planning issued by Ministry of Natural Resources, People’s Republic of China. If the Applicant is an overseas institution with a registered subsidiary in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan) and participates in the solicitation under the name of the subsidiary, it shall comply with the requirements of this Article.3.2.3 承担规划和/或城市设计工作的申请人，如为境外机构的，须在其所在国家或地区合法注册，具有相应设计许可。港、澳、台机构按本条执行。If the Applicant undertaking planning and/or urban design work is an overseas institution, it must be legally registered in the country or region where it is located and be equipped with corresponding design license. Applicants from Hong Kong, Macao or Taiwan shall comply with the requirement of this Article.3.3 本项目接受联合体：The Consortium is accepted in this Project:3.3.1 本次征集内容主要包含功能策划和城市设计。申请人可以根据自身需求和能力选择单独或以联合体的形式参加资格预审。如果以联合体形式参加，联合体成员数量不得超过3家，且须共同签署一份联合体协议书。The scope of this solicitation primarily includes functional planning and urban design. Applicants may choose to participate in the prequalification process either individually or as part of a consortium, based on their needs and capabilities. If participating as a consortium, the number of members of the Consortium shall not exceed 3 and must jointly execute a consortium agreement.3.3.2 如果以联合体形式参加：联合体所有成员均须满足本公告第3.1条的要求；联合体中承担功能策划工作的所有成员必须满足第3.2.1条的要求；联合体中承担规划和/或城市设计工作的所有成员根据其注册地必须满足第3.2.2条或第3.2.3条对应的要求。If participating in the prequalification process as a consortium, all members must meet the requirements outlined in Article 3.1. The member responsible for functional planning must comply with Article 3.2.1. The member who undertaking planning and/or urban design must meet the corresponding requirements of Article 3.2.2 or Article 3.2.3, depending on their domicile.3.3.3 联合体的组成以提交的资格预审《申请文件》为准，联合体各方不得再以自己名义单独参与本次征集活动，也不得同时加入参与本次征集活动的其他联合体，否则，相关《申请文件》无效。The composition of the consortium shall be based on the Application Document submitted. Each member to the Consortium shall not participate in this Solicitation alone in their own name, nor shall they join other Consortia participating in this Prequalification at the same time. Otherwise, the relevant Application Document shall be rejected.4 《资格预审文件》的获取 Acquisition of Prequalification Document4.1 凡有意参加本次方案征集活动的潜在申请人，请于2025年4月27日16:00时至2025年5月7日16:00时（北京时间，下同），在上海国际招标有限公司网站（www.shabidding.com，下同）在线获取《资格预审文件》。All potential Applicants who are interested in participating in this Project can download the Prequalification Document through SITC Website (www.shabidding.com) from 16:00 Apr 27th, 2025 to 16:00 May 7th, 2025 (Beijing Time, same hereinafter).4.2 申请人首次使用上海国际招标有限公司网站需完成注册程序。已注册的申请人可使用供应商登录名和密码登录工作台，搜索进入本项目公告页面，点击右上角“获取文件”按钮，填写基本信息提交后即可返回工作台下载《资格预审文件》。征集代理不接受没有在上海国际招标有限公司网站上注册和没有《资格预审文件》下载记录的申请人提交的《申请文件》。如申请人为联合体，联合体中任一成员均可进行注册并下载《资格预审文件》，无需在《资格预审文件》的获取阶段明确联合体组成。联合体组成以提交的资格预审《申请文件》为准。Applicants who have never used SITC Website before shall finish the registration process first. Registered Applicants can download the Prequalification Document by clicking the “OBTAIN” button in the corresponding announcement webpage by searching this Project in the Portal after logging in. SITC will not accept the Application Documents submitted by the Applicants who have not registered on SITC Website or who have no download records of the Prequalification Document on SITC Website. There is no need to clarify the composition of the Consortium at the phase of Prequalification Document Acquisition. The composition of the Consortium shall be specified in its submitted Application Document.4.3 申请人成功领取《资格预审文件》并不意味着其资格条件符合要求。申请人是否符合本公告第3条“合格申请人资格条件”由资格预审评审委员会判定。An Applicant's successful acquisition of the Prequalification Document does not mean that it is eligible for this Project. Whether an Applicant meets the requirements of Article 3 is determined by the Prequalification Jury.5 资格预审申请文件的提交 Submission of Application Document5.1 资格预审《申请文件》应以电子文件和纸质文件的形式提交。提交截止时间为2025年5月12日11:00时，提交的时间以电子文件上传成功的时间为准。除了在截止时间前成功上传的《申请文件》外，未在截止时间前上传或以其他形式提交的《申请文件》一律不被受理。The Application Document shall be submitted in Electronic Documents as well as Hard Copies. The submission deadline of Application Document is 11:00 May 12th, 2025. The submission time of every Applicant is subject to the time when its Electronic Documents are successfully submitted. Any late submission or submission in any other form will not be accepted.5.2 电子文件包括全套正本《申请文件》的PDF扫描件和PPT文件。申请人应登录上海国际招标有限公司网站，在工作台点击本项目“待上传”按钮后上传资格预审《申请文件》的电子文件（以.rar或.zip形式压缩后上传，请注意无需加密）并点击页面下方“提交”按钮。The Electronic Documents shall include the scanned copy in PDF of the full set of the original Application Document, and the required PPT file. Applicants shall log in SITC website, click the “UPLOAD” button in the Portal, upload the Electronic Documents and then click the “SUBMIT” button at the bottom of the webpage. (Please do not encrypt the compressed file and upload in .rar or .zip form.)5.3 申请人应将纸质《申请文件》2套（正本1套、副本1套），以专人送达或邮寄形式于2025年5月12日17:00时之前提交至本公告第12条联系地址。Applicants shall also submit 2 sets of Hard Copies of its Applicant Document (clearly mark one as “ORIGINAL”, and the other one as “COPY”) by hand or by post to the contact address specified in Clause 12 of this announcement by 17:00 May 12th, 2025.5.4 申请人应当确保其提交的资格预审《申请文件》的电子文件和纸质文件内容一致。当资格预审《申请文件》的电子文件与纸质文件内容不一致时，以电子文件为准。Applicants shall ensure that the contents of their Electronic Application Document and the Hard Copies submitted are consistent. In the event of any discrepancy between the Electronic Documents and the Hard Copies, the Electronic Documents shall prevail.6 入围方式 Prequalification申请人提交了资格预审《申请文件》后，资格预审评审委员会将对申请人从身份和资质、综合实力、主创设计师的资历、设计团队的人员配置等方面进行综合评审和比较，选择5名申请人作为入围应征人和2名申请人作为备选应征人。如申请人数量正好为5名或不足5名，征集人有权重新组织资格预审。After the submission deadline of Application Document, the Prequalification Jury will conduct a comprehensive review of all Applicants by reviewing their identity and qualification, comprehensive ability, the qualifications of the chief designers, and the staffing of the design teams, etc., and select 5 applicants as shortlisted applicants, 2 applicants as alternate applicants. If there are exactly 5 Applicants or fewer than 5 Applicants, the Solicitor reserves the right to reorganize the Prequalification.7 征集费用 Solicitation Fee7.1 入围应征人在方案评审会结束，并经方案评审委员会评定其方案符合《设计任务书》要求的，将各获得方案征集费人民币80万元（含税，下同）。如经方案评审委员会评定，应征人的方案没有达到《设计任务书》要求的，应由方案评审委员会单独出具书面意见且有半数以上评委签字，具体阐明不符合要求的设计内容以及扣款标准，征集人将根据该书面意见扣减直至不支付该应征人的方案征集费。Among Shortlisted Applicants, those whose deliverables of this Project are evaluated to have met the requirements set in the Design Program by the Scheme Review Committee will receive a Scheme Solicitation Fee of RMB 800,000.00 (tax included, same hereinafter) after the Scheme Review Meeting. If the Scheme Review Committee makes the decision that any Applicant’s deliverables of this Project failed to meet the requirements set in the Design Program, the Scheme Review Committee shall provide a written opinion with the signature of more than half of the committee to specify the unqualified contents and the deduction standard. The Solicitor is entitled to deduct a portion or all amount of the Applicant’s Scheme Solicitation Fee according to this opinion.7.2 在方案评审会结束后，经方案评审委员会评定为前三名的优胜应征人，将结合评委的专业意见对方案进行优化。若经优化方案评审委员会评定其优化方案符合要求的，征集人将根据优胜应征人的排名支付奖金。排名第一名的中选应征人将获得奖金人民币80万元，排名第二名的优胜应征人将获得奖金人民币50万元，排名第三名的优胜应征人将获得奖金人民币20万元。After the conclusion of the Scheme Review Meeting, the top 3 Shortlisted Applicants, as determined by the Scheme Review Committee, will optimize their deliverables based on the professional opinions of the judges. If the optimized deliverables are deemed to meet the requirements by the Optimized Scheme Review Committee, the Solicitor will award bonuses according to the ranking of the Shortlisted Applicants. The Shortlisted Applicant ranked 1st will receive a bonus of RMB 800,000.00, the Shortlisted Applicant ranked 2nd will receive a bonus of RMB 500,000.00, and the Shortlisted Applicant ranked 3rd will receive a bonus of RMB 200,000.00.7.3 在优化方案评审会结束后，排名第一名的中选应征人将结合评委意见对优化方案进行深化整合，并为征集人提供后续区域开发等咨询服务，服务期为1年。为此，征集人将向中选应征人另行支付咨询服务费人民币100万元。After the conclusion of the Optimized Scheme Review Meeting, the Shortlisted Applicant ranked 1st as the winner will further integrate the optimized deliverables based on the professional opinions of the judges, and provide the subsequent regional development consulting services for a period of 1 year. In consideration thereof, the Solicitor shall pay the winner an additional consulting service fee of RMB 1,000,000.00.8 征集活动时间安排 Schedule of Solicitation本次征集活动的初步时间安排如下：Preliminary schedule of this Project is as follows:阶段Phase日期Dates事项Activities资格预审阶段Prequalification Phase2025年4月27日16:00时16:00 Apr 27th, 2025发布资格预审公告Release of Prequalification Announcement2025年4月27日16:00时至2025年5月7日16:00时From 16:00 Apr 27th, 2025to 16:00 May 7th, 2025潜在申请人获取《资格预审文件》Access open for potential Applicants to acquire Prequalification Document2025年5月12日11:00时11:00 May 12th, 2025资格预审《申请文件》提交截止Deadline for Submission of Application Document2025年5月15日（暂定）May 15th, 2025 (Scheduled)组织资格预审评审会Prequalification Review Meeting2025年5月16日至2025年5月18日（暂定）From May 16th to May 18th, 2025 (Scheduled)公示资格预审评审结果公告Announcement of Prequalification Result应征设计阶段（暂定）Solicitation Design Phase (Scheduled)2025年5月20日May 20th, 2025组织项目启动会与现场踏勘Kick-off Meeting and Site Visit2025年6月11-13日Jun 11th – 13th, 2025组织中期成果沟通会Midterm Presentation2025年7月15日Jul 15th, 20255名应征人提交方案成果5 Shortlisted Applicants Submit Deliverables2025年7月16-18日Jul 16th – 18th, 2025组织方案评审会Scheme Review Meeting2025年7月下旬Late-July 2025发布评审结果通知Release of Scheme Review Results方案优化阶段（暂定）Optimization Phase (Scheduled)2025年8月12日Aug 12th, 20253名优胜应征人提交优化成果Top 3 Shortlisted Applicants Submit Optimized Deliverables2025年8月13-15日Aug 13th – 15th, 2025组织优化方案评审会Optimized Scheme Review Meeting2025年8月下旬Late-August 2025发布优化方案评审结果通知Release of Optimized Scheme Review Results整合深化阶段（暂定）Deepening Design Phase (Scheduled)2025年8月下旬-9月底Late-Aug to End-of-Sept 20251名中选应征人完成整合深化成果Winning Applicant Submits Deepening Design Deliverables9 公告发布的媒介 Announcement Media资格预审公告、对资格预审公告的修改或补充（如有）以及资格预审结果公告在以下网站上发布：The Prequalification Announcement, Prequalification Document, any amendment or supplement of them (if any), and the Announcement of Prequalification Result are published on the following websites:中国招标投标公共服务平台（www.cebpubservice.com）中国平潭网（www.pingtan.gov.cn）上海国际招标有限公司网站（www.shabidding.com）《资格预审文件》、对《资格预审文件》的修改或补充（如有）在以下网站上发布：上海国际招标有限公司网站（www.shabidding.com）另外，本项目有关信息还将在“上海国际招标”、“平潭自然资源与生态环境”微信公众号发布。In addition, the relevant information of this Project will also be released on “SITC” and “Pingtan Natural Resources and Ecological Environment” official WeChat accounts.本项目为方案征集，中国招标投标公共服务平台公告中的“招标”应理解为“方案征集”；“招标人”应理解为“征集人”；“招标代理机构”应理解为“征集代理”；“投标人”应理解为“申请人”；“中标人”应理解为“入围应征人”。本项目非工程建设招标项目，也非政府采购项目，不适用与上述类型项目相关的法律、法规、规章或规范性文件。This project is a Scheme Solicitation. References to "Tender" in the announcement on the China Tendering and Bidding Public Service Platform should be interpreted as "Scheme Solicitation"; "Tenderer" as "Solicitor"; "Tendering Agency" as "Solicitation Agency"; "Bidder" as "Applicant"; and "Successful Bidder" as "Shortlisted Applicant." This project is not a Construction Tendering Project nor a Government Procurement Project and does not fall under the laws, regulations, rules, or normative documents applicable to those types of projects.10 知识产权 Intellectual Property Rights申请人提交资格预审《申请文件》即视为接受以下知识产权条款。Once submitting the Application Document, Applicants shall be deemed to have accepted the following terms of the intellectual property rights.10.1 应征人承诺其拥有其提供服务时编制的所有图纸、说明、电子文档和其它相关文件（以下总称“成果文件”）的合法权利和完整知识产权。The Shortlisted Applicant shall guarantee that it has the legal rights and intellectual property rights of all drawings, descriptions, electronic files and other relevant documents (hereinafter referred to as "Deliverables") prepared when it provides services.10.2 应征人为本项目编制的成果文件系专用于本项目，各方均不得超过此范围使用。The Deliverables prepared by the Shortlisted Applicant are exclusively for this Project and shall not be used by any party beyond this scope.10.3 所有由应征人编制的成果文件，其著作权归应征人所有。除署名权等人身权利以外，在征集人按照本公告第7条的规定向应征人支付相应征集费用后，已付费阶段成果文件的所有权和著作权归指导单位和征集人所有，指导单位和征集人有权使用、复制、修改及宣传成果文件，应征人仅享有将成果文件用于自身宣传、评奖、论文撰写、员工职称评定等的权利。The Shortlisted Applicant has the copyright of all its Deliverables. Except for the moral rights such as right of paternity, after the Solicitor has paid the corresponding Solicitation Fee to the Shortlisted Applicants of each stage as stipulated in Article 7, the ownership and copyright of the paid Deliverables shall transfer to the Solicitor. The Guiding Unit and the Solicitor have the right to use, copy, revise and publicize the Deliverables. The Shortlisted Applicant only has the right to use the Deliverables for self-promotion, award evaluation, paper writing and employee title evaluation.10.4 应征人应保证提交的成果文件在中国境内或境外没有且不会侵犯任何其他人的知识产权（包括但不限于著作权、专利权）或专有技术或商业秘密。应征人应保证，如其成果文件使用或包含任何其他人的知识产权或专有技术或商业秘密，应征人已经获得权利人的合法、有效、充分的授权。应征人因侵犯他人知识产权或专有技术或商业秘密所引起的全部法律责任应由应征人承担。The Shortlisted Applicant shall ensure that its Deliverables does not and will not infringe the intellectual property rights (including but not limited to copyright and patent right) or proprietary technology or trade secrets of any other person within or outside China. The Shortlisted Applicant shall guarantee that if its Deliverables uses or contains the intellectual property rights, proprietary technology or trade secrets of any other person, the Shortlisted Applicant has obtained the legal, effective and sufficient authorization of the owner. The Shortlisted Applicant shall be liable for all legal responsibilities arising from its infringement of others' intellectual property rights, proprietary technology or trade secrets.10.5 在征集过程中所有指导单位和征集人提供的设计基础资料（包括但不限于设计图纸、设计资料等）的知识产权属指导单位和征集人或相关提资单位所有。应征人仅可以将上述文件用于编制本项目的成果文件之目的。未经前述资料的知识产权所属方的书面许可，应征人不得将相关资料用于其他项目设计或其他目的，也不得将上述文件泄露给任何第三方。All materials provided by the Guiding Unit and the Solicitor during the solicitation process are the intellectual property of the Guiding Unit or the Solicitor or the relevant contributing entities. The Shortlisted Applicant may use such materials solely for the purpose of preparing the Deliverables for this Project. Without written consent from the intellectual property owner of the materials, the Shortlisted Applicant shall not use the materials for other projects’ design or other purposes, nor disclose such materials to any third party.11 其他 Others11.1 入围应征人若无中华人民共和国自然资源部颁发的城乡规划编制单位甲级资质，且在方案优化阶段排名第一名成为中选应征人，须承诺将另行委托一家具有中华人民共和国自然资源部颁发的城乡规划编制单位甲级资质的单位，共同配合完成整合深化阶段的工作并为征集人提供后续区域开发等咨询服务。If a Shortlisted Applicant does not hold the Qualification Certificate of Grade A for Urban and Rural Planning issued by the Ministry of Natural Resources of the People’s Republic of China and ranks first as the winner in the Optimization Phase, it must commit to separately engage a third party with the qualification to assist in integrating the optimized deliverables during the Deepening Design Phase and providing subsequent regional development consulting services.11.2 凡参加本次资格预审的申请人均被视为同意并接受《资格预审文件》的全部内容及条款。All Applicants participating in this prequalification are deemed to agree and accept all the contents and terms of the Prequalification Document.11.3 申请人在资格预审《申请文件》中所列出的主创设计师须亲自开展本项目的设计工作，参加项目启动会与现场踏勘并亲自进行成果方案汇报。因此，请所列出的主创设计师根据征集活动时间安排提前预留时间、做好准备。如主创设计师确实无法赴现场参会的，须向征集人提出申请并经征集人同意后可通过视频或电话会议的方式参会。所述情况将在资格预审评审时予以综合考虑。申请人为境外机构的，其设计团队人员中应至少有一名通晓汉语的人士。The chief designers listed in the Application Document must carry out the design work, attend the Kick-off Meeting, participate in site-visit and present the Deliverables in person. Therefore, please make well preparation in advance according to the Schedule of Solicitation. If the chief designers are indeed unable to attend the meetings on site, they should attend meetings by video or telephone with the consent of the Solicitor. It will be taken into consideration by the Prequalification Jury. The design team of overseas Applicants should include at least one person who is fluent in Chinese.11.4 本次征集活动及相关文件的最终解释权归征集人。The Solicitor reserves the right of final interpretation of this Project and related documents.12 联系方式 Contact Information征集代理：上海国际招标有限公司Solicitation Agency: Shanghai International Tendering Co., Ltd.地址：上海市延安西路358号美丽园大厦14楼Address: 14 F, 358 Yan An Road (W), Shanghai, China联系人：张逸舟、毛烨琪Contact Person: Ms. Zhang Yizhou, Ms. Mao Yeqi电话 Telephone：021-32173631、021-32173711邮箱 Email：zhangyizhou@shabidding.com